Kubeapps + TCE tutorial (#5068)
vmware-tanzu/kubeapps: site/content/docs/latest/tutorials/kubeapps-on-tce/introduction.md

# Deploy and Configure Kubeapps on VMware Tanzu™ Community Edition

## Introduction

> [VMware Tanzu™ Community Edition (TCE)](https://tanzucommunityedition.io) is a full-featured, easy-to-manage Kubernetes platform for learners and users. It is a freely available, community supported, open source distribution of VMware Tanzu that can be installed and configured in minutes on your local workstation or your favorite cloud.

Author: It is a copy&paste from the official VMWare's Tanzu page:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67455978/179227736-20fffedb-0e0f-4609-aa14-b89dc9e01d1d.png)

- customize deployments through an intuitive, form-based user interface
- upgrade, manage and delete the applications that are deployed in your Kubernetes cluster
- expose an API to manage your package repositories and your applications

Kubeapps can be configured with public catalogs, such as the [VMware Marketplace™](https://marketplace.cloud.vmware.com/) catalog, the [Bitnami Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/stacks/helm) or with private Helm repositories such as ChartMuseum or Harbor. It also integrates with [VMware Tanzu™ Application Catalog™ (TAC) for Tanzu™ Advanced](https://tanzu.vmware.com/application-catalog), which provides an enterprise-ready Helm chart catalog.

This guide walks you through the process of configuring, deploying and using Kubeapps on a VMware Tanzu™ Community Edition cluster of your choice. It covers the following tasks:

- Selection and deployment of the appropriate TCE cluster type
- Configuring an identity management provider in the cluster
- Configuring access control in Kubeapps
- Deploying and configuring Kubeapps in the TCE cluster
- Management of applications through Kubeapps using the TCE catalog

## Intended Audience

> This guide is intended for the following user roles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide is intended for the following personas:
```

- System administrators who want to install Kubeapps on a VMware Tanzu™ Community Edition cluster and use it to deploy and manage applications from any package repository.
- Application administrators and developers who want to use Kubeapps to deploy and manage modern applications in a Kubernetes architecture.
- Any user willing to play around with Kubeapps and TCE

In-depth knowledge of Kubernetes is not required.

## Tutorial structure

The tutorial is organized in the following sections:

1. [TCE cluster deployment preparation](./01-TCE-cluster-preparation.md)
2. [Deploying a managed cluster](./02-TCE-managed-cluster.md) or [Deploy an unmanaged cluster](./02-TCE-unmanaged-cluster.md)
3. [Preparing the Kubeapps deployment](./03-preparing-kubeapps-deployment.md)
4. [Deploying Kubeapps](./04-deploying-kubeapps.md)

> 5. [Further documentation for managing applications in Kubeapps](./05-Managing-applications.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [Further documentation for managing applications in Kubeapps](./05-managing-applications.md)
```
